Welcome to the Vine Bezaleel Ministries Incorporated website.

Vine Bezaleel Ministries is involved in sharing of information related to the Church, The Great Tribulation and our preparation for the Second-Coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.

At this site, we share information about the Role of the Holy Spirit in the Church and in our lifes during these End times, the importance of Soul winning, Evangelism and preaching the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ.

We also focus on creating awareness of the strategies Satan is using against the Church and families in these End times.

The enemy is using Divination, Familiar spirits & witchcraft against the Church and the family.

His main purpose is,: You won't be prepared for The Great Tribulation, You won't be prepared for the Second Coming of Our Lord Jesus Christ. You won’t get into Heaven.

We warn Christians about the New Age spirituality, cults, the occult and world religions.

We share information that will build us up, revive and rekindle our Love for the Lord God Almighty.

We share things that will promote Holiness unto the Lord our God.

We restrict ourselves to spiritual things mainly.

We don't want to be taken unawares by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.

Anything that won't help us go to Heaven we won't share here.

We are into Homeless Shelter Evangelism, Nursing Homes, Prison Ministry, Street Ministry and Orphanages.

Why the name Vine Bezaleel?

It is written :

I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing. John 15:5.KJV

The Vine and it's branches are connected.

So far as the Vine and it's branches remain connected and have good source of nutrients and water (the Holy Spirit ), much fruits will be borne, great accomplishments would be made to the Glory of the Most High God this way.

Bezaleel was the Holy Spirit gifted Architect and craftmen whom Almighty God used to build the Tabernacle of the Congregation, the Ark of the Covenant ( testimony), the Mercy Seat and formulated the first Anointing Oil See, I have called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah: And I have filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, and in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship, To devise cunning works, to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass, And in cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of timber, to work in all manner of workmanship.

And I, behold, I have given with him Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan: and in the hearts of all that are wise hearted I have put wisdom, that they may make all that I have commanded thee; The tabernacle of the congregation, and the ark of the testimony, and the mercy seat that is thereupon, and all the furniture of the tabernacle, And the table and his furniture, and the pure candlestick with all his furniture, and the altar of incense, And the altar of burnt offering with all his furniture, and the laver and his foot, And the cloths of service, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office, And the anointing oil, and sweet incense for the holy place: according to all that I have commanded thee shall they do.

Exodus 31:2